[{"pk": 2, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/01_alavilli_r5.png", "sessions": [40], "title":
"Developer Evangelist, PayPal", "name": "Praveen Alavilli", "details":
"Praveen Alavilli is the developer evangelist for the PayPal X Developer
Network, helping developers to monetize their ideas and applications
using the PayPal Payments Platform. Prior to PayPal, Praveen worked at
Amazon.com and AOL. "}}, {"pk": 3, "model": "innovate.speaker",
"fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/default_speaker.png",
"sessions": [11, 85], "title": "Global Head of Product Strategy for
Financial Innovations, PayPal", "name": "Peter Amalraj", "details":
"Peter Amalraj is the Global Head of PayPal Product and Product Strategy
for Financial Innovations. He has close to 2 decades of experience in
the financial services space and in the past has worked at Citicorp,
Metavante (Now FIS), Schlumberger as well as in consulting roles for
Intuit, Wells Fargo, Chase Card Services. His experience spans consumer
payments, ecommerce, payment processing, banking, EBPP. "}}, {"pk": 4,
"model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/02_anwar_r5.png", "sessions": [62], "title": "Sr.
Director PayPal Developer Network, PayPal", "name": "Naveed Anwar",
"details": "Naveed Anwar leads all PayPal's efforts with developers. As
the senior director of the PayPal Developer Network, he leads a team
that evangelizes PayPal X and works closely with the developer community
to gain insight on how PayPal can deliver the best global payments
platform possible for third party developers. "}}, {"pk": 5, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/attaras.png", "sessions": [23], "title": "Director
Technology, PayPal Platform, PayPal", "name": "Musaab At-Taras",
"details": "Musaab is a Director of Technology at PayPal, leading the
Adaptive Payments and Payflow Engineering teams. He has over 12 years of
experience in product development. He has a Bachelors degree in Computer
Science from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. "}}, {"pk":
6, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/03_babaria_r5.png", "sessions": [20, 22], "title":
"Senior Product Manager, PayPal", "name": "Ketan Babaria", "details":
"Ketan is a product management leader with a rich experience in the
internet space and a passion for building customer focused products that
delight end users. Ketan has worn many hats in the past, being UI
designer, developer, researcher, at various points in his life. He is
currently part of the Digital Goods Product Management team at PayPal.
He is passionate about the digital goods space and is constantly looking
for ways to make it easy for customers to pay and help partners monetize
their products. He holds B.Tech degree in engineering from IIT, MS in
Systems Engineering from UMD and MBA from UC Berkeley. "}}, {"pk": 7,
"model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/bair.png", "sessions": [54], "title": "Software
Architect, Client Java Platform, Oracle", "name": "Richard Bair",
"details": "Richard Bair is the Architect for the Client Java platform
at Oracle. He was an influential lead in the development of JavaFX UI
Controls and associated APIs. Prior to that he was the lead of the
SwingLabs project which was an open source community supported by Sun
Microsystems with a focus on enhancing and extending Swing. Prior to
working at Sun he was an application developer with a focus on
data-oriented rich client applications backed by databases. He has a
passion for graphics, performance, and developer productivity. "}},
{"pk": 8, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/barrett.png", "sessions": [63], "title": "Founder
and CEO, Expensify", "name": "David Barrett", "details": "David is the
founder and CEO of Expensify, a venture-backed startup doing \"expense
reports that don't suck!\" David started programming when six years old,
is married to an opera singer, and has the cutest beagle in the
world."}}, {"pk": 9, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/bawany.png", "sessions": [24, 54], "title":
"Software Engineer, PayPal", "name": "Ali Bawany", "details": "Ali
Bawany is a developer on the PayPal Platform working on the Adaptive
Accounts team. "}}, {"pk": 10, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields":
{"picture": "/static/i/speakers/bezard.png", "sessions": [8], "title":
"Co-Founder and Research Director, Aite Group LLC", "name": "Gwenn
B\u00e9zard", "details": "Gwenn B\u00e9zard is a co-founder and research
director at Aite Group, LLC, managing the firm's banking and payments
practice. His recent coverage has focused on the transformation of the
payment industry, emerging products such as prepaid and decoupled debit
cards, competition among card networks, the evolution of loyalty
marketing, and the optimization of the online banking channel. Mr.
B\u00e9zard has over a decade of experience in assisting financial
institutions, payment companies, and technology vendors with advisory
services and strategy consulting. Mr. B\u00e9zard holds an M.A.
(Ma\u00eetrise) degree in contemporary history from the University
Rennes II, France, and is fluent in English and French."}}, {"pk": 11,
"model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/blonchek.png", "sessions": [17], "title": "President
and CTO, Razoron Health Innovations", "name": "Bob Blonchek", "details":
"Bob Blonchek is President of Razoron Health Innovations. He has founded
or co-founded several technology companies, and is a creative and
entrepreneurial executive with deep experience developing and executing
new product and service strategies."}}, {"pk": 12, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/bourbier.png", "sessions": [45], "title": "CEO,
Limonetik", "name": "Christophe Bourbier", "details": "Christophe has a
decade of experience in entrepreneurship, mobile and payments. Prior to
co-founding Limonetik, he started and managed Onsite, a relational
marketing consultancy and proprietary mobile payment telephone
technology provider. Christophe also founded PlastiSynergy, a now
defunct Internet market place for cosmetic surgery professionals and was
the founding president of the Young French Chamber of Commerce and an
initiator of Cre@TV. In past roles, Christophe was a managing partner at
Alteir Consulting, a senior strategy and marketing consultant at Cap
Gemini Ernst & Young where he launched BuildCom, an Internet market
place for the construction industry; and while at ChannelPub, he created
the development strategy for their plasma screen marketing solution.
"}}, {"pk": 13, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/bower.png", "sessions": [63, 96], "title": "CEO,
Plastic Jungle", "name": "Bruce Bower", "details": "Bruce Bower joined
Plastic Jungle as President in April 2009 and will assume the role of
CEO in October 2010. For more than 20 years, Bruce has been contributing
to early and mid stage technology enterprises. His management experience
spans the payments, media, education, and alternate energy markets, with
a particular emphasis on new business and international markets
development. Prior to Plastic Jungle, Bruce held senior and CEO level
positions at Blackhawk Network, Soliloquy Learning, LearningGate and the
educational media division of ZapMe! Bruce also serves or has served as
a director/senior advisor to several companies in the payments space
including KargoKard, Radical Payments and Visa. He is a frequent speaker
on a variety of new market concepts, including global payments and
e-commerce strategies for emerging businesses. Bruce graduated from
Brown University in 1984 with a B.A. in International Relations and
received his law degree in 1988 from the University of Virginia. "}},
{"pk": 14, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/bui.png", "sessions": [56], "title": "President,
WebAssist", "name": "Hieu Bui", "details": "Hieu is a co-founder and
President of WebAssist. Hieu's 10+ years of e-commerce experience helps
him develop, manage, and execute the long-term strategic vision of the
company. "}}, {"pk": 15, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields":
{"picture": "/static/i/speakers/carroll.png", "sessions": [57], "title":
"Director, Developer Evangelism, salesforce.com", "name": "David
Carroll", "details": "Dave Carroll is the Director of Developer
Evangelism at salesforce.com. In his 8 years at salesforce.com, Dave's
focus has been on growing the developer community and inspiring
developers to think creatively about using various Web 2.0 technologies
with the company's Force.com platform as a service. Dave has also led
and participated in the creation of many developer tools, including the
Force.com Toolkit for AJAX, Force.com Toolkit for Adobe Flex and the
Force.com IDE Eclipse plugin. "}}, {"pk": 16, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/chau.png",
"sessions": [43], "title": "Principal Engineer, Adaptive Payments,
PayPal", "name": "Victor Chau", "details": "Victor is the Principal
Engineer overseeing the technical design of the Adaptive Payments
product at PayPal. He has been involved in its design and evolution
since the beginning of the product. Victor has 10 years of product
development experience, five of which was at PayPal. Victor is an
alumnus of the University of California at Berkeley. "}}, {"pk": 17,
"model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/chiang.png", "sessions": [31], "title": "Principal
Product Manager, Express Checkout, PayPal", "name": "Catherine Chiang",
"details": "Catherine Chiang is a Principal Product Manager for Express
Checkout. She currently leads the Best Practices Integration initiatives
and the Merchant Features & Experience projects. Prior to her role as
Product Manager, she was one of the original members of the PayPal
Merchants Services Group, where she managed the Merchant Acquisition and
Activation Programs. She's a veteran of merchant services and payment
industry for over 6 years. Catherine received her MBA from Carnegie
Mellon University. "}}, {"pk": 18, "model": "innovate.speaker",
"fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/cheong.png", "sessions": [21],
"title": "CTO, Rentlord", "name": "Kok Hong Cheong", "details": "Kok
Hong is fascinated with all types of bleeding-edge technology and the
potential for technology to improve lives. The passion started early in
his primary school years, when he fiddled with an Apple 2E taking apart
and reassembling the hardware, and hacking computer game codes. He
co-developed a client-server application which pushed out interactive
SMS content through the gateways of local and regional Telco providers
via HTTP and XML standards. Now a computing lecturer in a Singapore
polytechnic, Kok Hong is passionate about inspiring his students and
imparting knowledge. His specialization is in Web Applications
Development using Python and .NET technologies. "}}, {"pk": 19, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/collier.png", "sessions": [29], "title": "Author &
Social Media Expert, The Collier Company, Inc.", "name": "Marsha
Collier", "details": "Marsha Collier is the foremost eBay experts and
educators in the world. With over 1 million copies of her books sold
internationally, she is the top selling eBay eCommerce author. Among her
books, eBay For Dummies (now in its sixth edition) is the bestselling
book for beginners while her eBay Business All-in-One Desk Reference for
Dummies is the best selling title on operating an eBay business. Today
she's expanding into Social Media with her upcoming book, The Ultimate
Online Customer Service Guide: How to Connect with Your Customers to
Sell More! (Wiley Q4 2010). She makes regular appearances on television
(the Today Show, The View, CBS Morning Show CNN and Fox), radio, and in
print to discuss eCommerce. Guide."}}, {"pk": 20, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/cooper.png", "sessions": [29], "title": "Online
Solutions and Development Manager, Katmatcreations", "name": "Steven
Cooper", "details": "Steven Cooper is online solutions and development
manager for Katmatcreations, founder of CopyTwit.com and GoSqueesh.com.
Steven is an evangelist for developing dynamic automated solutions but
not at the end user's expense. "}}, {"pk": 21, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/erwa.png",
"sessions": [43], "title": "Engineering Development Manager, Adaptive
Payments, PayPal", "name": "Mustafa Erwa", "details": "Mustafa is a
Development Manger at PayPal, responsible for a subset of the Adaptive
Payments Engineering team. He is also one of the Adaptive Payments
domain technical leads that have been part of the team since the
initiation of the project. Mustafa has a Bachelors degree in Computer
Engineering and a Masters degree in Telecommunications Engineering from
the University of Texas at Austin. "}}, {"pk": 22, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/francisco.png", "sessions": [27], "title":
"Founder/CEO, Vator, Inc.", "name": "Bambi Francisco", "details": "Bambi
Francisco is founder and CEO of Vator Inc, the leading entrepreneur
social network, which includes VatorNews, a business video network.
Prior to Vator, Bambi was an award-winning journalist for Dow Jones
MarketWatch. "}}, {"pk": 23, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields":
{"picture": "/static/i/speakers/fridman.png", "sessions": [7, 84],
"title": "Business Development Manager, Financial Innovations, PayPal",
"name": "Arkady Fridman", "details": "Arkady Fridman leads PayPal's
Business Development efforts for Financial Innovations. In this role, he
is responsible for fostering relationships with financial partners to
promote the use of PayPal in a variety of financial services
applications. Prior to his current role, he developed and executed the
go-to-market product strategy for PayPal's initiatives with financial
services partners. Arkady is a ten year veteran of PayPal with deep
knowledge in all aspects of payments: business, product, operations, and
infrastructure. "}}, {"pk": 24, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields":
{"picture": "/static/i/speakers/gangadharan.png", "sessions": [2],
"title": "Platform Product Manager, eBay", "name": "Anand Gangadharan",
"details": "As Platform Product Manager, Anand Gangadharan is
responsible for packaging eBay Commerce platform and technologies into a
cohesive set of APIs. APIs are critical to enable the Developer
community create innovative solutions for eBay buyers and sellers. Prior
to eBay, Anand held senior R&D management positions at Avaya, Quintus
and Mainsoft. Anand holds a BS degree in Electronics & Communication
Engineering. "}}, {"pk": 25, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields":
{"picture": "/static/i/speakers/11_garcia_r5.png", "sessions": [1],
"title": "Manager, Global Product and Experience Group, PayPal", "name":
"Dan Garcia", "details": "Dan Garcia is a manager in the PayPal Global
Product & Experience group. He has been at PayPal for over 5 years,
spending the bulk of his time developing and managing payment products
for small-to-medium businesses. "}}, {"pk": 26, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/12_griffin_r5.png", "sessions": [18, 42, 44],
"title": "Sr. Product Manager, Mobile, PayPal", "name": "Kent Griffin",
"details": "Kent Griffin is a Sr. Product Manager at PayPal and manages
the mobile SDK products. He has been with PayPal for over five years;
prior to that he developed solutions for other financial service
providers. "}}, {"pk": 27, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields":
{"picture": "/static/i/speakers/hartz.png", "sessions": [28], "title":
"Founder & CEO, Eventbrite", "name": "Kevin Hartz", "details": "Kevin
Hartz is a serial entrepreneur and angel investor/adviser. He has
co-founded three Internet companies and currently advises over a dozen
start-ups. http://www.kevinhartz.com. "}}, {"pk": 28, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/haynie.png", "sessions": [47, 98], "title": "CEO &
Co-Founder, Appcelerator", "name": "Jeff Haynie", "details": "Jeff
Haynie is CEO and Co-Founder of Appcelerator. He is a long-time serial
entrepreneur, technologist, and blogger. Jeff blogs at
http://blog.jeffhaynie.us and can be found on Twitter. "}}, {"pk": 29,
"model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/hoffman.png", "sessions": [45, 61], "title": "Sr
Sales Engineer, Merchant Integration, PayPal", "name": "Chad Hoffman",
"details": "Chad Hoffman is a Senior Sales Engineer in PayPal's Merchant
Integration organization. He works with PayPal's largest merchants to
help them understand and incorporate PayPal into their ecommerce sites.
He has over 12 years of experience providing technical expertise to
support the sale of internet and ecommerce technologies. "}}, {"pk": 30,
"model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/hudson.png", "sessions": [48, 49], "title":
"Founder, Aduci, LLC", "name": "Chuck Hudson", "details": "Chuck Hudson
consults with companies on Internet and mobile applications, including
CRM, e-commerce, and social networking. He teaches at the university
level, is a technical reviewer, a certified PayPal developer, and a 2008
eBay Star Developer. "}}, {"pk": 31, "model": "innovate.speaker",
"fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/18_jain_r5.png", "sessions":
[25, 35], "title": "Sr. Product Manager for Platform, PayPal", "name":
"Ashish Jain", "details": "Ashish Jain is a Product Manager with PayPal,
where he is responsible for driving the strategy for PayPal Identity
Services. Prior to joining PayPal, he held senior positions with
Symantec, Ping Identity and BEA Systems. He is the co-author of J2EE 1.4
Bible (Wiley) and Enterprise SOA (Springer). He is passionate about
identity and is building solutions for users to have an easy and secure
internet experience. "}}, {"pk": 32, "model": "innovate.speaker",
"fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/jessup.png", "sessions": [38],
"title": "CEO, Cloud Conversion", "name": "Jon Jessup", "details": "Jon
Jessup is the CEO of Cloud Conversion and has been building eBay,
PayPal, and Salesforce.com applications for over four years. eCommSource
by Cloud Conversion is used by many online retailers and recently won
the 2010 eBay Star Developer Award. "}}, {"pk": 33, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/jones.png", "sessions": [13], "title": "Payments
Industry Consultant, Glenbrook Partners, LLC", "name": "Russ Jones",
"details": "Russ Jones is an industry pioneer in the commercial use of
Internet technologies, and brings a strong background in payments
industry analysis, strategy development, and product conceptualization.
With Glenbrook he currently works with clients in all aspects of global
payments stragegy including global acceptance, alternative payments,
risk management, and digital identity. "}}, {"pk": 34, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/kanok.png", "sessions": [32, 92], "title":
"Developer Technical Services Lead Manager, PayPal ", "name": "Robert
Kanok", "details": "Robert manages the Developer Technical Services team
(DTS) which provides technical support/services for the PayPal Platform
product. He has been with PayPal for less than a year and prior to that
was doing technical consulting for multiple online companies including
Amazon and Verizon. Robert holds a BS in Electrical Engineering and has
a MS in Computer Science from the University of Denver. "}}, {"pk": 35,
"model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/kassaei.png", "sessions": [40], "title": "Platform
Architect, eBay", "name": "Farhang Kassaei", "details": "Farhang Kassaei
is platform architect at eBay where he leads the eBay Application
Platform, Identity, Security and fraud prevention initiatives. He has 20
years of experience in building large scale systems. He holds MSc. in
computer engineering and MBA from University of California at
Berkley."}}, {"pk": 36, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields":
{"picture": "/static/i/speakers/kato.png", "sessions": [46], "title":
"Co-Founder, iConcessionStand.com ", "name": "Kenji Kato", "details":
"Kenji Kato is a technolusting geek entrepreneur and podcaster who has
worked in the technology, software and media production industries for
over 20 years for companies such as Apple, SGI, Alias | Wavefront, and
NASA, as well as having taught at Stanford University's Professional
Publishing Courses as a founding faculty member of the New Media Group.
Kenji created his first POS system in 1990, and has since been involved
with several commerce systems and startups, including Bitmenu's digital
media monetization system. Kenji's current venture is working on
iConcessionStand with fellow creator Humberto Roa. iConcessionStand is
an innovative Location Aware Mobile Marketplace that won the PayPal Best
App Award at the first ever iPadDevCamp in March 2010. Kenji is also an
avid podcaster, and has appeared on shows such as This Week in Tech
(TWiT), MacBreak, has spoken at Apple's WWDC, BlogWorld & New Media
Expo, and podcasts weekly at KnowTech.tv on a wide range of topics. "}},
{"pk": 37, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/21_khalil_r5.png", "sessions": [54], "title":
"Software Engineer, PayPal", "name": "Muasir Khalil", "details": "Muasir
Khalil has previously worked as a lead developer for multiple features
of IBM WebSphere Application Server 7.0. He is currently working as a
developer on PayPal's Platform Adaptive Accounts team. "}}, {"pk": 38,
"model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/khan.png", "sessions": [20, 22, 23], "title": "Sr.
Product Manager, PayPal", "name": "Khurram Khan", "details": "Khurram
Khan is a Sr. Product Manager of PayPal X Platform, an Ebay Company. He
has tremendous passion to build innovative products and solutions for
opportunists at all levels. His recent accomplishment includes launching
Adaptive Payments web services - an intersection of money and ideas.
These web services serve a wide spectrum of audience who can now focus
more on their core competency and less on monetization. He has a patent
for his achievements. Khurram has a wealth of professional experience
from companies such as Intel Corporation, NWS solutions, ALICO, FOCUS
which comprises of diverse industries such as Payments, Software and
Information Technology, Light metal industry, Services, Sales and
Marketing. Khurram has a bachelor's degree in Industrial and Production
Engineering, a Masters in Computer Science and a MBA. "}}, {"pk": 39,
"model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/khaw.png", "sessions": [63, 96], "title": "Sr.
Business Development Manager, PayPal ", "name": "Mike Khaw", "details":
"Mike Khaw is a Sr Manager in the business development group at PayPal
X. He focuses on finding new, emerging use cases to embed PayPal into,
such as B2B payments and devices. "}}, {"pk": 40, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/klimenko.png", "sessions": [36], "title": "Director,
Strategy and Business Operations, PayPal", "name": "Paulina Klimenko",
"details": "Paulina Klimenko is the Director of Strategy and Business
Operations of PayPal X. She is responsible for identifying new business
opportunities for PayPal Platform, and operationalizing solutions, such
as check replacement. Paulina has 10 years of experience in financial
services and consumer Internet. "}}, {"pk": 41, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/knapp.png", "sessions": [19], "title": "Co-Founder
and CTO, Ooyala", "name": "Sean Knapp", "details": "Sean Knapp is a
co-founder of Ooyala. As the company's CTO and President of Technology,
he oversees all engineering and helps define and execute Ooyala's
product strategies. Before founding Ooyala, Sean worked at Google, where
he developed and launched iGoogle, the company's popular customizable
home page. He also was a tech lead for Google's legendary Web Search
team, helping that team increase Google revenues by $1 billion. Sean's
focus at Stanford and at Google was human-computer interactions and
personalized user experience. He is an avid runner and competed on
Stanford University's Division I track and cross country teams. Sean has
a B.S. and M.S. in Computer Science from Stanford University. "}},
{"pk": 42, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/kohli.png", "sessions": [52], "title": "Developer,
E-junkie", "name": "Robin Kohli", "details": "Robin Kohli is a software
developer, best known for founding E-junkie. "}}, {"pk": 43, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/kramer.png", "sessions": [32], "title": "Platform
Application Review Lead Manager, PayPal", "name": "Aaron Kramer",
"details": "Aaron manages the application review process for PayPal's
Adaptive APIs. His goal in life is to make sure your application is the
best it can be while complying with the rules and regulations associated
with financial transactions. Prior to PayPal, he spent nine years at IBM
in various partner-facing roles, including strategy consulting to
Fortune 100 companies. He has a BA Clinical Psychology and a BA in
Ancient History from The University of Kansas as well as an MBA from
Georgetown University. "}}, {"pk": 44, "model": "innovate.speaker",
"fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/leblanc.png", "sessions":
[37], "title": "Technology Evangelist, Yahoo!", "name": "Jonathan
LeBlanc", "details": "Jonathan LeBlanc works with the Yahoo! Developer
Network as a technology evangelist / senior software engineer. Focusing
on partner relationships and training, as well as external developer
integrations, Jonathan works with and promotes emerging technologies to
aid in the adoption and utilization of new social development
techniques. As a software engineer, Jonathan works extensively with
social interaction development on the web, developing new methods for
linking social networks to drive the ideal of an open web. "}}, {"pk":
45, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/levitt_photo1.png", "sessions": [26], "title": "CEO,
As Was", "name": "Debbie Levitt", "details": "Debbie Levitt's
specialties are branding, marketing, UX/UI, and design. She has been
been working with eBay sellers since 2001 and her session has been a hit
at eBay Dev Con for 4 years. Learn more at debbielevitt.com. "}}, {"pk":
46, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/loftis.png", "sessions": [5], "title": "Sales
Engineer, Merchant Services, PayPal", "name": "Kyle Loftis", "details":
"Kyle Loftis has been a Sales Engineer at PayPal for 5 years. Starting
in the world of small, sole proprietors and medium sized businesses, as
well as working with some of the shopping cart and channel providers
that facilitate PayPal payments for the merchants who use their
platform. In recent years, Kyle has been supporting the Large Merchant
segment with accepting PayPal as a form of payment and fitting PayPal
into their back-end tools and order fulfillment systems using the latest
products & tools that PayPal has to offer. "}}, {"pk": 47, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/25_maler_r5.png", "sessions": [25], "title":
"Distinguished Engineer, Identity Services, PayPal", "name": "Eve
Maler", "details": "Eve Maler is a Distinguished Engineer in the PayPal
Identity Services group, where she drives the development of security
and identity strategies for enabling consumer choice in permissioning of
personal data sharing. "}}, {"pk": 48, "model": "innovate.speaker",
"fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/mazzei.png", "sessions": [2],
"title": "Sr. Program Manager, eBay", "name": "Tina Mazzei ", "details":
"Tina Mazzei has been with eBay for over five years and is responsible
for the program and operations management of the eBay Developers
Program. She has worked closely with developers to understand their
needs and what helps developers be build successful applications for
eBay customers. She created the Open eBay Apps program including the on
boarding and management processes. Tina is omnipresent at the conference
so please feel free to talk with her about your Open eBay and Developers
Program questions. "}}, {"pk": 49, "model": "innovate.speaker",
"fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/mcderment.png", "sessions":
[13], "title": "Co-Founder and CEO, Freshbooks", "name": "Mike McDerment
", "details": "Mike is the co-founder and CEO of FreshBooks, planet
Earth's leading online invoicing and bookkeeping app for service
oriented professionals, freelancers and teams. Back in 2003, Mike built
FreshBooks for his design firm and scratched his own itch. Since
launching in May 2004 FreshBooks has touched over 2,000,000 lives and
Mike and his team dedicate themselves to being a great service for
people who love their work, and want to focus on it - instead of
focusing on their paperwork. "}}, {"pk": 50, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/mciver.png", "sessions": [41, 51], "title": "VP,
Product Management, Magento", "name": "Doug McIver", "details": "As VP
of Product Management at Magento, Doug manages Magento's product
strategy, roadmap and release cycles as the company continues to
revolutionize eCommerce in 2010 and beyond. Prior to joining Magento,
Doug served as Vice President of Products for Allurent, an industry
leading Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) platform. Doug has also served as a
Director of Product Management with Oracle Retail and as a Director of
Product Management for ProfitLogic, the leading provider of retail
merchandise optimization technology. Doug holds a Ph.D. in Geographic
Information Systems from Boston University and a Bachelor of Arts from
Bates College. "}}, {"pk": 51, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields":
{"picture": "/static/i/speakers/moayedpour.png", "sessions": [61],
"title": "Head of Integration, SENE, PayPal", "name": "Dominique
Moayedpour", "details": "Dominique joined PayPal in December 2006,
focusing primarily on major large merchant and partner integrations in
France, Italy, Spain, Netherlands, Poland and Sweden. Following the
success of his solo efforts, Dominique has built up the SENE Integration
Team to pursue strong growth in the region. Previously, Dominique worked
for ValueLink (First Data) as a Presales Manager for European gift card
services. Prior to ValueLink, he managed presales efforts for several
payment service providers like Netgiro and Kleline. "}}, {"pk": 52,
"model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/26_nahari_r5.png", "sessions": [15], "title":
"Principal Mobile & Security Architect, PayPal", "name": "Hadi Nahari",
"details": "Hadi Nahari is a software security professional with over 18
years of experience in software development and implementation of secure
systems. Hadi is a frequent speaker in the US and international security
and embedded events. He has led and contributed to various security
projects for several high-profile companies. "}}, {"pk": 53, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/narain.png", "sessions": [9], "title": "Product
Marketing Manager, PayPal", "name": "Mamta Narain", "details": "Mamta
Narain is PayPal's Global Product Marketing Lead for Financial
Innovations. In this role, she is responsible for positioning and
evangelizing PayPal's initiatives with global financial partners, leads
the research efforts and industry analysis initiatives for Financial
Innovations. Additionally, she produces collateral for global
Conferences and Media Events. Prior to this role Mamta led complex
cross-platform data integration projects within eBay, evangelizing
internal initiatives across the eBay Inc. properties. Prior to eBay she
spent several years at Fry Inc. serving in various capacities on
eCommerce programs for top customers and building client
relationships."}}, {"pk": 54, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields":
{"picture": "/static/i/speakers/nash.png", "sessions": [58, 93],
"title": "Director, Coding Futures", "name": "Tim Nash", "details": "Tim
Nash is a founder and director of Coding Futures, a UK company that
provides technical support and development for charities and Non
Government organisations. He is responsible for API development and
security and compliance at the company as well as providing consultancy
to large blue chip companies and government departments. "}}, {"pk": 55,
"model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/nemeth.png", "sessions": [56], "title": "Senior
Software Engineer, WebAssist", "name": "Justin Nemeth", "details":
"Justin Nemeth is a Senior Software Engineer at WebAssist, an internet
software company based in San Diego, CA. He has a degree in
Math/Computer Science from UCSD and specializes in Dreamweaver extension
development, enterprise web applications, and advanced CSS
implementations. "}}, {"pk": 56, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields":
{"picture": "/static/i/speakers/paralkar.png", "sessions": [3], "title":
"Developer Technical Support Engineer, eBay", "name": "Sarika Paralkar",
"details": "Sarika is a member of the Developer Technical Support (DTS)
team at eBay. She works with 3rd party developers and integrators and
helps them with API implementation and best practices."}}, {"pk": 57,
"model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/27_parington_r5.png", "sessions": [51], "title":
"Integration Engineer, PayPal", "name": "Brant Partington", "details":
"Brant is a PayPal Integration team member with responsibility to help
drive the Magento and PayPal integration process. "}}, {"pk": 58,
"model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/28_patel_r5.png", "sessions": [50, 55], "title":
"Integration Engineer, PayPal", "name": "Amish Patel", "details": "Amish
Patel is an Integration Engineer with the PayPal Professional Services
team. For over nine years with eBay and PayPal, he has worked with
developers, merchants, and partners integrating across eBay and PayPal
platforms. "}}, {"pk": 59, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields":
{"picture": "/static/i/speakers/patel_amol.png", "sessions": [14],
"title": "Head of Emerging Markets, PayPal", "name": "Amol Patel",
"details": "Amol Patel is the head of emerging markets at PayPal Mobile,
whose responsibilities have included expanding PayPal's mobile product
footprint across Europe and Asia Pacific as well as developing PayPal's
mobile API solution. Previously, Amol was Founder & CEO of ConvergeLabs,
a mobile VAS company that launched India's first mobile ticketing and
payments service. He has held senior marketing and engineering positions
at Intel Corporation, Cirrus Logic, Sun Microsystems, and ADC
Telecommunications. In addition, Amol has co-authored several patents in
the Mobile, Internet and Payments space. Amol received a BS with honors
in EECS from the University of California at Berkeley, an MS in EE from
Stanford University, and an MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at
Northwestern University."}}, {"pk": 60, "model": "innovate.speaker",
"fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/patel_rekha.png", "sessions":
[3], "title": "Manager, Developer Technical Support, eBay", "name":
"Rekha Patel", "details": "Rekha Patel manages the developer technical
support team at eBay. She has been with eBay for over 5 years helping
developers consume eBay APIs. "}}, {"pk": 61, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/paul.png",
"sessions": [63], "title": "CEO, RAMSrent", "name": "Marc Paul",
"details": "Mr. Marc F. Paul is a Senior Managing Partner in the
RAMSrent corporation - headquarters located in Tallahassee, Florida. Mr.
Paul is also the CEO of Paul Consulting Inc., a software development
firm that specializes in Internet financial transactions and grant
tracking systems. RAMSrent is an online payment portal utilized
throughout the U.S. and is integrated with PayPal via the new Adaptive
Payments API. The RAMSrent portal allows tenants to pay rent, submit
applications, and pay other expenses to their property management
company or landlord. Mr. Paul's educational background consists of
degrees in Computer Science and Finance at Florida State University.
"}}, {"pk": 62, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/persky.png", "sessions": [33], "title": "Software
Engineer, emmapersky.com", "name": "Emma Persky", "details": "Emma
Persky is a vocal technology evangelist, an avid traveler and vibrant
storyteller. You can't miss her with her bright red hair and
distinctively British accent. When Emma is not at home in New York,
engineering software for Purpose she can be found on an intrepid
expedition, collecting stories for her blog, travellerwithatale.com."}},
{"pk": 63, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/prichard.png", "sessions": [6], "title": "Sr.
Development Mgr, Bill Me Later", "name": "Ryan Prichard", "details":
"Ryan Prichard is a Senior Manager at Bill Me Later managing the
development efforts of the application engineering and web services
teams. Ryan has been with the company for over 4 years and has a
background in designing and building enterprise SOA solutions. "}},
{"pk": 64, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/prince.png", "sessions": [58, 93], "title":
"Director, Coding Futures", "name": "Kevin Prince", "details": "Kevin
Prince is a founder and director of Coding Futures, a UK company that
provides technical support and development for charities and Non
Government organizations. He is responsible for providing front end and
Drupal development at the company as well as providing consultancy to
companies such as NBC Universal. "}}, {"pk": 65, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/30_regan_r5.png", "sessions": [59], "title":
"Director, New Ventures Business Development, PayPal", "name": "Rob
Regan", "details": "Rob Regan is the director of new ventures, business
development at PayPal. His overall responsibilities focus on
collaborating with emerging market and technology leaders, and
strengthening the venture capital community's support of entrepreneurs
building the next generation of payments applications on PayPal X.
Throughout Rob's career, he has successfully developed new business and
product opportunities, driving corporate strategy to penetrate untapped
markets for startups, midsized firms and industry leaders. "}}, {"pk":
66, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/reine.png", "sessions": [60], "title": "Director,
Business Development, PayPal", "name": "Jeff Reine", "details": "Jeff
Reine is the Director of Digital Goods Business Development at PayPal.
He is new to PayPal but a veteran of the online media space. Prior to
PayPal, Jeff held business development leadership roles at imeem,
VideoEgg and Skype. He holds a BA in International Relations & Economics
from Tufts University and a MBA from UCLA Anderson. Jeff lives with his
wife and daughter in San Francisco's Mission District. "}}, {"pk": 67,
"model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/31_rice_r5.png", "sessions": [6], "title": "Manager
of Authorization Engineering, Bill Me Later", "name": "Pamela Rice",
"details": "Pamela Rice is the Manager of Bill Me Later Authorization
Engineering managing the development of the real-time credit
authorization engine. Pamela has been with Bill Me Later for five years
and has a background developing complex decisioning systems. "}}, {"pk":
68, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/rao.png", "sessions": [46], "title": "Co-Founder,
iConcessionStand.com", "name": "Humberto Roa", "details": "Humberto is
co-founder of iConcessionStand, a location aware mobile marketplace that
won the PayPal Best App Award at the first ever iPadDevCamp in March
2010. Humberto has been in the software industry for 13 years, and
contributed to the development and launch of several commerce systems,
including the Amazon Flexible Payments Service and Checkout by Amazon.
"}}, {"pk": 69, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/rubin.png", "sessions": [41], "title": "CEO,
Magento", "name": "Roy Rubin", "details": "Roy Rubin founded Varien (the
original company behind Magento) in 2001 as a consultancy and has since
transformed the eCommerce platform market with the release of the
Magento platform. In a period of 18 months, Magento surpassed the 1
million downloads milestone and now records billions of dollars of
transactions worldwide by tens of thousands of merchants. It is the
fastest growing eCommerce platform in the world. A results-oriented
executive with over 10 years of experience founding and building
products and organizations, Roy is deeply entrenched in the eCommerce
and open source markets and grew Magento to be a disruptive, global
player. "}}, {"pk": 70, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields":
{"picture": "/static/i/speakers/33_rupe_r5.png", "sessions": [5],
"title": "Sales Engineer, Merchant Services, PayPal", "name": "Graham
Rupe", "details": "Graham Rupe has been with PayPal for over 5 years
serving in several different roles. Working in the Merchant Technical
Support group for the first few years of his tenure Graham supported
partners ranging from small businesses to billion dollar corporations
when it came to troubleshooting issues between their systems and PayPal.
Recently, Graham has been consulting large merchants and partners such
as United Airlines, GSI, American Airlines, Netflix and Lufthansa. Not
only has Graham supported numerous partners, but he has also been
involved in building new products as they're being developed. "}},
{"pk": 71, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/saboo.png", "sessions": [88, 36], "title": "Product
Manager, Adaptive Payments, PayPal ", "name": "Neelam Saboo", "details":
"Neelam Saboo is one of the product managers for Adaptive Payments. She
is responsible for developing new solutions with bank funded payments.
Neelam has a strong technical background with a dozen years in
technology industry. "}}, {"pk": 72, "model": "innovate.speaker",
"fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/samet.png", "sessions": [30],
"title": "Risk Management Expert ", "name": "Ohad Samet", "details":
"Ohad has extensive risk management and fraud prevention background, and
is passionate about creating the optimal, safest payment experience for
good users while limiting and managing bad ones through technology,
focusing on big data and machine learning techniques. "}}, {"pk": 73,
"model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/schalk.png", "sessions": [94, 39], "title":
"Developer Advocate, Google ", "name": "Chris Schalk", "details": "Chris
is a Developer Advocate at Google who works on Google App Engine and
other Google cloud technologies. His previous experience at Google
includes work on Google Friend Connect, Google AJAX APIs, Maps, Gears
and Google Web Toolkit. Prior to Google, Chris was a Principal Product
Manager at Oracle in the development tools group as well as co-author of
\"JavaServer Faces: The Complete Reference\". In his spare time, he
plays trumpet in local Bay Area symphonies. "}}, {"pk": 74, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/schatt.png", "sessions": [10], "title": "Senior
Director, Financial Innovations, PayPal", "name": "Dan Schatt",
"details": "Dan Schatt heads Financial Innovations for PayPal. In this
role, he is responsible for defining the business and product strategy
for PayPal's initiatives with financial partners. Prior to PayPal, Dan
was an industry analyst with Celent. He has also served as GM of
Yodlee's data services group and worked as an investment banker for
Salomon Smith Barney and held positions with Citigroup. Dan has been
widely quoted in the media and has also written articles for American
Banker and Bank Systems & Technology. He has presented at national and
international venues, including the United Nations Development Program
Roundtable on Remittances, the World Bank / APEC Dialogue on Remittance
Systems, NACHA's Annual Payments Conference, BAI's TransPay conference,
and The Internet Retailer conference. "}}, {"pk": 75, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/schulte.png", "sessions": [10], "title": "SVP/CIO,
Mercantile Bank of Michigan", "name": "John Schulte", "details": "John
Schulte and his staff manage the information technology infrastructure
for the bank, as well as item processing, ACH/cash management services,
payroll services, electronic banking, and deposit/loan/credit
card/courier operations. He is one of the original members of the team
that founded Mercantile Bank of Michigan in 1997, a business oriented
community bank headquartered in Grand Rapids, MI with offices throughout
Lower Michigan. Prior to starting with Mercantile Bank, he worked as a
commercial lender and credit manager with FMB-First Michigan Bank in
Grand Rapids. John is a graduate of Western Michigan University (BA in
Finance) and the ABA Stonier Graduate School of Banking. In the
community, John serves on the Regional Advisory Board of the Arthritis
Foundation and is a member/Past President of the Grand Rapids Exchange
Club."}}, {"pk": 76, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/35_sieber_r5.png", "sessions": [1], "title":
"Product Manager, PayPal Payflow Gateway, PayPal", "name": "Todd
Sieber", "details": "Todd is a Product Manager for the Payflow Gateway
responsible forthe gateway's core processing functions, interactions,
and support with external third-party processors, and management of the
Payflow SDKs and protocols. "}}, {"pk": 77, "model": "innovate.speaker",
"fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/36_sisinni_r5.png",
"sessions": [16], "title": "Director, Mobile Product Management,
PayPal", "name": "Fabio Sisinni", "details": "Fabio Sisinni is the
Director of Product Management of PayPal Mobile products. In this role
he is responsible for bringing to the market mobile payment solutions
directly and in partnerships with carriers, devices, and mobile OS
vendors. Fabio has over ten years of global experience in the mobile
industry."}}, {"pk": 78, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields":
{"picture": "/static/i/speakers/speckeen.png", "sessions": [4], "title":
"CEO, Terapeak", "name": "Fred Speckeen", "details": "Speckeen brings
two decades of VP- and CEO-level experience gained internationally
across the technology, media and semiconductor fields in hands-on roles
spanning product management, sales, marketing, and technology licensing.
"}}, {"pk": 79, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/tan.png", "sessions": [21], "title": "CEO,
Rentlord", "name": "Colin Tan", "details": "Colin is the founder and CEO
of Rentlord, the first dedicated social commerce platform for property.
He has had a lifelong preoccupation with culture and technology, and as
a former researcher at Cambridge, used to work on the insights of Walter
Benjamin, the pioneering thinker of media studies. "}}, {"pk": 80,
"model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/39_vadhri_r5.png", "sessions": [13], "title":
"Product Manager, Emerging Technologies, PayPal", "name": "Srinivas
Vadhri", "details": "Srinivas Vadhri has been with the PayPal X Platform
Product since its inception, and been with PayPal for six years. He is
currently leading product efforts related B2B payments. He started his
career as a management consultant (PWC and E&Y) and has worked in
strategy and e-commerce for several years. "}}, {"pk": 81, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/wall.png",
"sessions": [38], "title": "Developer Evangelist, Salesforce", "name":
"Quinton Wall", "details": "Quinton Wall is a Developer Evangelist for
Salesforce.com where he is a regular technical contributor and speaker
at cloud industry events and media sites. For over 15 years, Quinton has
been at the forefront of Internet technologies being a founding member
of the Australia Java Users Group, building the prototype for the
Looksmart search engine, and leading engineering teams across the globe.
Quinton now brings this wealth of experience to cloud believing that the
future of technology and cloud computing is harnessing the power of
convergent clouds. "}}, {"pk": 82, "model": "innovate.speaker",
"fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/winding.png", "sessions":
[31], "title": "Program Operations and Best Practices, PayPal", "name":
"Pam Winding", "details": "Pam Winding runs the global Best Practices
Integration Initiative and Partner Certification Programs for PayPal.
Pam joined PayPal as a Product Manager in 2008 and now focuses on best
practice guidelines, tools, and materials that help merchants and
partners optimize their PayPal integrations to increase sales and
conversions. Pam started her career working for local museums where she
became passionate about using technology to teach and to solve everyday
problems. Working for technology companies like LeapFrog and Intuit
sharpened her focus on using customer feedback and research to develop
ease-of-use principles and best practices for the products she managed.
Pam has over 14 years experience in product and program management, web
analytics and strategic planning. She also leads operations for eBay's
Women in Technology (eWIT) organization. "}}, {"pk": 83, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/woloshin.png", "sessions": [34, 61, 97], "title":
"Professional Services Engineering, PayPal", "name": "Steve Woloshin",
"details": "Steve has been leading some of PayPal's most significant
integrations since he joined PayPal over 3 years ago. He brings a depth
of experience with him having served for over 20 years in the payments
industry, as a processor and a merchant. "}}, {"pk": 84, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/40_xue_r5.png", "sessions": [61, 34], "title":
"Principal Integration Engineer, PayPal", "name": "Harry Xue",
"details": "Harry Xue has been a Principal Integration Engineer at
PayPal for four years. During this time, he has worked with a diverse
portfolio of merchants on integrating PayPal as a form of payment."}},
{"pk": 85, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/ivaskevicius.png", "sessions": [82], "title":
"Merchant Technical Engineer ", "name": "Stephen Ivaskevicius",
"details": "Stephen Ivaskevicius has worked at PayPal (X.com) for over
nine years. In his current role as a Merchant Technical Support Manager,
his team provides support to large/enterprise merchants with technical
problems."}}, {"pk": 86, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields":
{"picture": "/static/i/speakers/frauendorfer.png", "sessions": [82],
"title": "Merchant Technical Engineer", "name": "Eric Frauendorfer",
"details": "Eric has worked at PayPal for just over 6 \u00bd yrs., most
recently as a Level 2 Merchant Technical Engineer, supporting merchants
in integration, development and troubleshooting issues with PayPal SDK's
and other PayPal Products. Eric attended college for Web Development and
Programming, graduating from Lincoln Southeast Community College in
2004. Eric has programmed in all different Languages but his favorite is
PHP. Coding is one of his favorite pastimes as well helping others with
backend programming for their websites."}}, {"pk": 87, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/kellberg.png", "sessions": [83], "title": "Lead
Integration Engineer, Professional Services", "name": "Kurt Kellberg",
"details": "Kurt Kellberg has been with PayPal for over 6 years serving
in several different roles. Over the last 5 years he has helped both new
and existing merchants large and small troubleshoot their technical
issues as well as giving them guidance on integrating a PayPal product
into their ecommerce solution.\r\n"}}, {"pk": 88, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/cole.png",
"sessions": [83], "title": "Integration Engineer", "name": "Matt Cole",
"details": "Matt Cole is an Integration Engineer with the PayPal
Professional Services team. Having worked in the office supply industry
for nine years, he knows just how quickly merchants want to be up and
running and accepting payments, and that sometimes, the simplest
solution is the best. Matt works with merchants and developers every day
to help them integrate PayPal's payment solutions quickly and
effectively."}}, {"pk": 89, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields":
{"picture": "/static/i/speakers/Al-Bassam.png", "sessions": [85],
"title": "VP Payment Services, S1 Corporation", "name": "Kareem
Al-Bassam", "details": "Kareem Al-Bassam leads S1's payment services
including the provision of billpay and other money movement services,
such as PayPal P2P, across multiple consumer channels. Prior to S1,
Kareem held positions with Netspend and TSYS Card Tech with a specific
focus on multi-country card and merchant management solutions."}},
{"pk": 90, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/usmanabbasi.png", "sessions": [86], "title": "Sr.
Manager, Mobile Engineering", "name": "Usman Abbasi", "details": "Usman
Abbasi is the Director of Mobile Development at PayPal. Usman is
responsible for PayPal's mobile initatives, including Mobile Express
Checkout, P2P Smartphone clients (iPhone, Android, RIM and Symbian and
the Mobile Payments Library. He has over a decade of experience leading
and managing teams to build large-scale web/internet applications. Prior
to his current position, he managed the Core Infrastructure team that
built the foundation of the PayPal payment system."}}, {"pk": 91,
"model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/anash.png", "sessions": [86], "title": "Vice
President of Search & Platform Products, LinkedIn", "name": "Adam Nash",
"details": "Adam Nash is Vice President of Search & Platform Products at
LinkedIn, the world's largest professional network. Before LinkedIn, he
held a variety of strategic and technical roles at eBay, Atlas Venture,
Preview Systems, and Apple. He holds Bachelor's and Master's degrees in
Computer Science from Stanford University, and an MBA from Harvard
Business School."}}, {"pk": 92, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields":
{"picture": "/static/i/speakers/hanyuan.png", "sessions": [86], "title":
"Director of Mobile and Platform Business Solutions Engineering, eBay",
"name": "Han Yuan", "details": "Han Yuan is Director of Mobile and
Platform Business Solutions Engineering where he leads the organization
that builds mobile products for theeBay.com brand. Han runs both R&D and
QA for mobile engineering on all major mobile platforms including mobile
web, Android, iOS, RIM, and Windows Phone 7 series. Han has a dual role
heading up eBay's incubator where his current projects include
IP-enabled devices and various advertising related initiatives."}},
{"pk": 93, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/lynch.png", "sessions": [87], "title": "Manager,
Developer Technical Services EU", "name": "Deborah Lynch", "details":
"Deborah is the manager of PayPal's Developer Technical Services team in
Europe, supporting developer's integrations with the platform APIs.
Prior to PayPal, Deborah spent her career in software development. She
started as a software engineer with ICL/Fujitsu developing online
content management systems including the initial BBC website. Following
further programming roles in Sydney, Deborah returned to Dublin and
joined Sabre Holdings where she held a role of Software Development
Manager providing software solutions for travel agents, airlines and
consumers. Deborah holds a BSc in Computer Science and Software
Engineering from Dublin Institute of Technology."}}, {"pk": 94, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/carter.png", "sessions": [87], "title": "Developer
Technical Services Lead Support Engineer", "name": "Brandee Carter",
"details": "Brandee is a lead in PayPal's Developer Technical Services
System team (DTS) which provides technical support/services for the
PayPal Platform product, APIs, SDK, etc. She has been with PayPal just
shy of 5 years and has over 10 years E-Commerce experience. Brandee
holds a BS in Web Technologies."}}, {"pk": 95, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/gorbunova.png", "sessions": [88], "title": "Platform
Product Manager", "name": "Yuliya Gorbunova", "details": "Yuliya
Gorbunova is a Product Manager on the PayPal Platform, responsible for
platform infrastructure and SDKs. Yuliya joined eBay in 2004 and
transferred to PayPal in 2006. During her six years of tenure, Yuliya
has held multiple engineering and product management responsibilities.
Most recently, Yuliya has been involved with Identity related products
such as Permissions Services. Prior to PayPal, Yuliya was a Product
Manager working in the Speech Recognition field, building voice
recognition and speech-to-speech translation systems. Yuliya received a
bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering from Santa Clara
University."}}, {"pk": 96, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields":
{"picture": "/static/i/speakers/ramani.png", "sessions": [89], "title":
"Senior Director - Software Development, Oracle", "name": "Nandini
Ramani", "details": "Nandini Ramani runs the Java Client Group at Oracle
and has a long history of creating innovation and futures at Sun
Microsystems. Nandini launched the JavaFX Platform and tools and had
been actively involved in JavaFX since its inception in May 2007. Prior
to joining the client group, Nandini was in the Software CTO Office
driving the emerging technologies group for incubation projects. She has
a background in both hardware and software, having worked in hardware
architecture and simulation team in the Accelerated Graphics group and
the graphics and media team in the JavaME group. She was involved in the
development of XML standards, as Co-Chair of the W3C Scalable Vector
Graphics working group and as a member of the W3C Compound Document
Formats working group. She was also a member of several graphics and UI
related expert groups in the JCP."}}, {"pk": 97, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/jamessenior.png", "sessions": [90, 92], "title":
"Web Evangelist, Microsoft", "name": "James Senior", "details": "James
is based in Seattle and is Microsoft's Web Evangelist working on
WebMatrix, ASP.NET MVC and jQuery. He is a noted author, blogger and
speaker and helps developers make smart, impartial decisions about which
technologies to use to build modern web applications. Prior to Seattle,
James lived and worked for Microsoft in the UK for three years
evangelizing Microsoft technology platforms. Before joining Microsoft he
worked for Intel as a Software Developer and Technical Project Manager
for four years and ran his own consultancy building software for small
and medium businesses in Europe.\r\n\r\nTwitter handle: @jsenior"}},
{"pk": 98, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/vittoriobertocci.png", "sessions": [90], "title":
"Senior Architect Evangelist, Microsoft", "name": "Vittorio Bertocci",
"details": "Vittorio Bertocci is a Senior Architect Evangelist in
Developer and Platform Evangelism and a key member of the extended
engineering team that produces Microsoft's claims-based platform
components (Windows Identity Foundation and ADFS 2.0). He is responsible
for identity evangelism for the .NET developer community. In 2001 he
joined Microsoft Italy, where he focused on Web services security. In
2005, Vittorio moved to Redmond, where he worked with Fortune 100
companies on cutting-edge SOA projects. In the last five years, his
mission has led him to speak in 23 countries and 4 continents. Vittorio
is a regular speaker at conferences such as Microsoft PDC, TechEd (USA,
Europe, Australia, New Zealand, Japan), TechDays Belux, Gartner Summit,
European Identity Conference, IDWorld, OreDev, NDC, IASA, Basta and many
others. Vittorio holds a master degree in Computer Science and is a
published author: follow him at www.cloudidentity.net."}}, {"pk": 99,
"model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/default_speaker.png", "sessions": [91], "title":
"Co-founder and CTO, Netbiscuits", "name": "Christian Reitz", "details":
"Christian is co-founder and CTO of Netbiscuits and is overall
responsible for Software Development and Professional Services. He
manages the software development roadmap for Netbiscuits and oversees
the professional services unit of Netbiscuits delivering high quality
mobile software solutions to more than 200 business customers in 40+
countries and managed more than 800 successful mobile projects in the
last 8 years. Christian holds a Master's Degree in Business and
Engineering from the University of Kaiserslautern, Germany. He received
the award for Best Graduate of his MBE class in 2000."}}, {"pk": 100,
"model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/robertbirkenheuer.png", "sessions": [91], "title":
"Senior Manager Professional Services, Netbiscuits", "name": "Robert
Birkenheuer", "details": "Robert Birkenheuer has long time experience in
web application development. As Senior Manager Professional Services and
team leader at Netbiscuits, he is responsible for the customer liaison
and support of major brands such as eBay, Maggi and the US director
service WhitePages. After working for several companies in the agency
sector, Robert Birkenheuer joined Netbiscuits in 2007."}}, {"pk": 101,
"model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/parikh.png", "sessions": [92], "title": "Lead
Engineer, Developer Technical Services", "name": "Aalap Parikh",
"details": "Aalap is a Lead Engineer Lead in PayPal's Developer
Technical Services group."}}, {"pk": 102, "model": "innovate.speaker",
"fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/chang.png", "sessions": [95],
"title": "Principal, Norwest Venture Partners", "name": "Tim Chang",
"details": "Tim brings a combination of operational, technical and
international business experience to Norwest Venture Partners. Tim
focuses on investments in wireless and digital media as well as business
development initiatives in Asia-Pacific. Tim has recently invested in
and joined the board of directors of 3Jam, Brite Semiconductor and Lumos
Labs. He led NVP's investment in PCH International and also works with
the boards of deCarta, Double Fusion and Veveo. Prior to joining NVP in
2006, Tim was a principal at Gabriel Venture Partners where he was
actively involved in over a dozen wireless-related deals. Tim built
Gabriel's wireless sector practice and helped establish business
development capabilities through strong, strategic relationships across
the wireless value chain, particularly in Asia-Pacific. For a complete
biography of Tim, please visit www.nvp.com.\r\n\r\nTwitter:
@timechange"}}, {"pk": 103, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields":
{"picture": "/static/i/speakers/vishalgurbuxani.png", "sessions": [95],
"title": "Co-Founder, Mobclix", "name": "Vishal Gurbuxani", "details":
"Vishal is Co-founder at Mobclix (www.mobclix.com), the industry's
largest targeted mobile ad exchange -- the first open marketplace for
mobile developers, advertisers, ad networks and agencies. Mr. Gurbuxani
is focused on the Technology and Vision for the company. Mr. Gurbuxani
has also authored numerous patents for large scale device management and
personalization. Many of the key insights that Mr. Gurbuxani has learned
through driving business value through technical execution, have been
cultivated for the Mobclix mobile platform. Mr. Gurbuxani graduated with
Honors from Santa Clara University with both an M.S. and B.S. in
Computer Engineering."}}, {"pk": 104, "model": "innovate.speaker",
"fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/paulchen.png", "sessions":
[95], "title": "Director Business Development, Papaya Mobile", "name":
"Paul Chen", "details": "As Director of Business Development at Papaya
Mobile, Paul is responsible for building the ecosystem of game and
application developers that support the Papaya social network for
Android devices. Prior to joining Papaya Mobile, Paul served as Product
Manager for NVIDIA\u2019s line of Tegra application processors that
cater to mobile devices which range from Smartphones to Tablets. Paul
has also held various engineering roles at Advanced Micro Devices and
covered the technology sector as an investment banking analyst for
Salomon Smith Barney. Paul received his B.S. in Electrical Engineering
and Computer Science at U.C. Berkeley and M.B.A from Columbia
University.\r\n\r\nTwitter: @pbpaul128"}}, {"pk": 105, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/karlmehta.png", "sessions": [95], "title": "Founder
& CEO, PlaySpan", "name": "Karl Mehta", "details": "Karl Mehta is
Founder & CEO of PlaySpan, Inc, a leader in monetization platform
development for online games, social networks and new media. Karl brings
more than 18 years of experience to PlaySpan in founding, building and
funding technology start-ups in the U.S. and international markets.
Prior to founding PlaySpan, Karl was part of the founding team at
MobileAria Inc. (acquired by Wireless Matrix) based in Mountain View and
co-founder/ CEO of OmniLabs Inc., based in Singapore and India. Prior to
that, he held executive positions at Hughes, leading new business and
technology development. Karl won the 'Entrepreneur of the Year 2010'
Award from Ernst & Young for Northern California and is a Charter member
of TiE-Silicon Valley and a board member of Ecosystem Ventures."}},
{"pk": 107, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/OBrien.png", "sessions": [95, 59], "title":
"Managing Director, Lightspeed Venture Partners", "name": "Eric
O'Brien", "details": "Eric has been at Lightspeed for over 10 years and
invests in a variety of sectors including technology-enabled financial
services, datacenter infrastructure and SaaS. Additionally, he helps
oversee Lightspeed's investment efforts in China. Eric currently serves
on the boards of directors of Aquantia, Bling Nation, Evolv On-Demand,
Exclara, PCH, Pivot 3, Project Slice and Streamlite. He holds a BA in
Economics from Harvard and an MBA from Stanford."}}, {"pk": 108,
"model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/Khare.png", "sessions": [59], "title": "Vice
President, Venrock", "name": "Dev Khare", "details": "Dev Khare is Vice
President at Venrock, a premier venture capital firm with offices in
Palo Alto, New York, Cambridge, MA, and Israel. Dev focuses on software,
Internet, mobile and payments investments; sits on the boards of Aha
Mobile, Lavante and SlideShare; and supports Venrock's investments in
Aria Systems, BillFloat and Redbeacon. Dev previously co-founded Covigo,
a mobile application server company, acquired by Symbol Technologies. He
blogs at http://www.nextwala.com and is on Twitter @dkhare"}}, {"pk":
109, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/Holleran.png", "sessions": [59, 95], "title":
"Venture Partner, Emergence Capital Partners", "name": "Matt Holleran",
"details": "Matt Holleran is a Venture Partner at Emergence Capital
Partners. Emergence is the leading venture firm in Technology Enabled
Services. He defines new investment strategies, sources new investments,
and works closely with a few portfolio companies. Matt has walked in the
shoes of executive teams at each stage of a business application
company's development. He played key roles in sales, marketing and
business development at market leading companies salesforce.com,
Clarify, and Datasweep. Prior to his software career, Matt was in the
private equity group at Morgan Stanley and worked at Bain & Company.
Matt has a BA in Engineering Sciences and Economics from Dartmouth
College and an MBA from Harvard.\r\n\r\nTwitter: @mattholleran "}},
{"pk": 110, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/Stalder.png", "sessions": [59], "title": "General
Partner, Matrix Partners", "name": "Dana Stalder", "details": "Dana
Stalder is a Silicon Valley based general partner at Matrix Partners,
where he invests in early stage software and internet companies. Dana's
experience cuts across multiple disciplines including sales, marketing,
finance, technology and product management at companies such as eBay,
Netscape, PayPal and Respond.com. Dana joined Matrix in 2008 from
PayPal, where he was a senior vice president and managed all business
operations, including product, sales, marketing and technology. He is
also a board member at iRise, QuinStreet, GOGII, Polyvore and
Zong.\r\n\r\nTwitter: @dcstalder"}}, {"pk": 113, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/Bain.png",
"sessions": [24, 96], "title": "Co-Founder and President, MedPayOnline",
"name": "Clayton Bain", "details": "Clayton Bain is one of the founders
and president of Medpayonline.com. MedPayOnline is a healthcare focused
patient payment processor. The MedPayOnline suite of services provides a
complete and secure payment solution used by hospitals and physicians,
and all ancillary care providers. Our goal is to allow patients to be
independent and connected to their providers, their finances, and their
healthcare information."}}, {"pk": 114, "model": "innovate.speaker",
"fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/sridharvembu.png", "sessions":
[96], "title": "CEO, Zoho", "name": "Sridhar Vembu", "details": "Sridhar
Vembu co-founded Zoho Corp (originally known as AdventNet) in 1996, and
is now the CEO. The company originally started as a provider of network
management software to equipment vendors, and Sridhar has been
instrumental in broadening and deepening its software portfolio. He grew
up in Chennai, India, and attended IIT Chennai and graduate school at
Princeton University\r\n\r\nTwitter: @zoho"}}, {"pk": 115, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/das.png",
"sessions": [97], "title": "Sr. Manager, PayPal Professional Services
Team ", "name": "Souvik Das", "details": "Souvik Das leads the PayPal
Professional Services team. He has been in PayPal for over six and a
half years. Souvik started off his career in PayPal as an engineer
building the basic building blocks of the currently existing merchant
services product line. He has led many high performing engineering teams
and currently works on integrating strategic partners onto the PayPal
platform."}}, {"pk": 116, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields":
{"picture": "/static/i/speakers/Typaldos.png", "sessions": [97],
"title": "Founder and President, Kachingle", "name": "Cynthia Typaldos",
"details": "Cynthia is founder and president of Kachingle, a social
payment system for free digital stuff. She started her career as a
software developer at Bank of America, then moved to product marketing
and management after receiving an MBA from MIT. Later she worked at Sun
Microsystems, and then founded of two other internet companies - GolfWeb
(1995) and RealCommunities (2000). She believes that the combination of
micropayments, subscriptions, and voluntary contributions for online
digital content and applications will change the world.\r\n\r\nTwitter:
@typaldos and @kachingle"}}, {"pk": 117, "model": "innovate.speaker",
"fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/stevejarvis.png", "sessions":
[36], "title": "Vice President, Marketing, Small & Midsize Business,
Concur", "name": "Steve Jarvis", "details": "Steve Jarvis is Vice
President of Marketing for Concur's Small & Midsize Business segment
providing strategic leadership for brand, differentiation, advertising,
and market development functions. Prior to joining Concur in 2010,
Jarvis was Alaska Airlines' Vice President of Marketing, Sales and
Customer Experience. In this role he was responsible for design of the
airline's customer experience, setting priorities for differentiation in
a lower cost industry environment. He also led customer research, brand
and advertising, sales functions, marketing programs, customer care, and
in-flight product.\r\n\r\nTwitter: @sbjarvis"}}, {"pk": 118, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/Goldsmith.png", "sessions": [36], "title": "Director
of Engineering, HomeAway", "name": "Steve Goldsmith", "details": "I lead
the software engineering team responsible for building HomeAway.com's
common homeowner tools, including our common owner management platform,
our common owner profile system (single sign on) and our upcoming
traveler checkout & payment systems. I am passionate about global
software development, building great teams and building usable, scalable
distributed systems that make our customers love us."}}, {"pk": 119,
"model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/Boonstra.png", "sessions": [95], "title":
"Co-Founder, Layar", "name": "Claire Boonstra", "details": "Claire is a
true net native and widely recognized mobile internet specialist.
Although having a background in Civil Engineering (Delft University of
Technology), Claire has worked in Mobile , Marketing and New Media since
the start of her professional career in 2001. Employers included KPN
Mobile (introducing i-mode to the European market), Unilever (European
Brand Manager) and Talpa Digital (new online-media ventures). Together
with her co-founders Maarten Lens-FitzGerald and Raimo van der Klein,
Claire started Mobile Monday Amsterdam, SPRXmobile, and in 2009 Layar.
Claire is primarily responsible for facilitating the third party brands,
agencies and developer ecosystem of Layar. Claire was named one of the
top 10 most influential women in technology by FastCompany and Laptop
Magazine. "}}, {"pk": 120, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields":
{"picture": "/static/i/speakers/tanaka.png", "sessions": [99], "title":
"Technical Design Lead, PayPal Technical Design Lead, PayPal Platform",
"name": "Ray Tanaka", "details": "Ray Tanaka is Technical Design Lead on
the PayPal Platform Team. In what he would describe as a prior life, Ray
was Architect for PayPal\u2019s Web Services APIs and Sandbox. These
days he is determined to make the new Platform easy to use and flexible
enough to meet the needs of all developers that want to enable payments.
Outside of PayPal, he enjoys sleeping, digital photography, college
sports, tinkering with gadgets and spending time with his family."}},
{"pk": 121, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/Bailey.png", "sessions": [12], "title": "Sr. Product
Manager, Carlson Marketing", "name": "Tracy Bailey", "details": "Tracy
Bailey provides leadership, direction and product expertise tied to
Carlson Marketing's payment product portfolio. Her responsibilities
include serving as the primary expert on prepaid marketplace trends and
competitors; overall product branding; sales collateral; training; and
assessing current products, services and pricing strategies to determine
market requirements in each product and market. Tracy aligns herself
directly with the prepaid leadership, business development, operations
and partner relations teams to create and enhance the products based on
customer and market insight."}}, {"pk": 122, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/Holub.png", "sessions": [19], "title": "Senior
Product Manager, Ooyala", "name": "Alex Holub", "details": "Alex Holub
helps drive product strategy and development across all of Ooyala's
products. At Ooyala he has launched numerous innovative products in the
areas of online video monetization and analytics. He holds a PhD from
the California Institute of Technology and MS in Computer Science from
Cornell University."}}, {"pk": 123, "model": "innovate.speaker",
"fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/CChang.png", "sessions": [],
"title": "Sr. Manager of Product Development, PayPal", "name":
"Catherine Chang", "details": "Catherine Chang is the Product
Development Manager on the PayPal team. Prior to joining the PayPal, she
led the eBay API team for 5 years. She has extensive experience in
building APIs and Platforms. She received her master's degrees in
computer science and mathematics from the Brigham Young University,
Utah."}}, {"pk": 124, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/Murthy.png", "sessions": [], "title": "Corporate
Architect, PayPal", "name": "Sharad Murthy", "details": "Sharad is a
Corporate Architect at PayPal. He has been an eBay employee for 3 years;
and transitioned to PayPal within the past year. Sharad specializes in
security, complex event processing, identity services, open social
applications and large scale distributed computing. Prior to joining
PayPal, Sharad spent 18 years at other R&D organizations specializing in
computer networking, instrumentation and industrial control."}}, {"pk":
125, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/default_speaker.png", "sessions": [], "title":
"Principal Engineer, PayPal", "name": "Saleem Shafi", "details": "Saleem
studied Computer Science at the University of Texas at Austin and worked
in several small, local companies before joining PayPal in 2007. He is
curerntly working on the new Adaptive Payments products and Adaptive
Accounts APIs. "}}, {"pk": 126, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields":
{"picture": "/static/i/speakers/shah.png", "sessions": [], "title":
"Developer Evangelist, PayPal", "name": "Rasesh Shah", "details":
"Rasesh Shah is the technology evangelist for the PayPal X Developer
Network helping developers to monetize their ideas and applications
using PayPal Payments Platform. Prior to PayPal, Rasesh worked at eBay
building an ecommerce platform and helped opening up this platform to
build verticals and applications. Rasesh has more than 15 years of
experience in B2B/B2C ecommerce, Mobile , online advertising and
Enterprise applications. "}}, {"pk": 127, "model": "innovate.speaker",
"fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/Yella.png", "sessions": [],
"title": "Software Engineer, PayPal", "name": "Yenkata Yella",
"details": "Venkata Yella is a development lead for the one of the new
PayPal teams. Prior to PayPal, Venkata held multiple engineering
positions at Sun Microsystems. Venkata has more than 13 years experience
in the software industry and hold a Master's degree in Computer Science
from the University of Arizona."}}, {"pk": 138, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/default_speaker.png", "sessions": [30], "title":
"GSN Digital/WorldWinner", "name": "Michael Wrobleski", "details":
"Michael Wrobleski works for GSN Digital/WorldWinner"}}, {"pk": 128,
"model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/srikanth.png", "sessions": [99], "title": "Principal
Engineer, PayPal", "name": "Srikanth Nandiraju", "details": "Srikanth
Nandiraju is a designer and a developer who has a love for creativity
and specializes in front-end and back-end technologies. He spends most
of his time experimenting new product ideas on web and
devices.\r\n\r\nFollow Srikanth on Twitter @nandiraju and be sure to
checkout some of his experiments on the PayPal labs website"}}, {"pk":
129, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/damon.png", "sessions": [23], "title": "Sr.
Director, Product Development", "name": "Damon Hougland", "details":
"Damon Hougland is a geek. He is the Senior Director of the PayPal
Platform. This means he leads the Product Development teams focused on
creating PayPal's API service suites. He is also co-author of three
books on Java and wireless technologies. He has a passion for all
technologies that are viral and disruptive. More than anything he wants
to make developers on the PayPal Platform successful beyond their
wildest dreams."}}, {"pk": 130, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields":
{"picture": "/static/i/speakers/default_speaker.png", "sessions": [24],
"title": "Manager, Sales Operations, PayPal", "name": "Tim Bueno",
"details": "Tim Bueno is a Manager in the Sales Operations group at
PayPal."}}, {"pk": 131, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields":
{"picture": "/static/i/speakers/default_speaker.png", "sessions": [24],
"title": "Product Marketing Manager, PayPal", "name": "Nick Vos",
"details": "Nick is a Product Marketing Manager for PayPal."}}, {"pk":
132, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/default_speaker.png", "sessions": [24], "title":
"Marketing Consumer Senior Manager, PayPal", "name": "Dennis Pereira",
"details": "Dennis is a Marketing Consumer Senior Manager at PayPal."}},
{"pk": 133, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/Creighton.png", "sessions": [22], "title": "Managing
Director, GWC Media", "name": "Geoff Creighton", "details": "Geoff
Creighton is a consultant providing the development force behind
Haymarket Consumer Media's world-leading motorsport websites including
autosport.com and castroldriverrankings.com. In the fast-paced world of
Formula 1, he develops paid content platforms, web and mobile
applications - as well as providing live text commentary of the track
action at every grand prix. Prior to working in the digital space, he
spent several years developing quality control inspection technology for
nuclear fuel at the Sellafield site in his native northern England.
Geoff holds a BEng in Microelectronics and Software Engineering from the
University of Newcastle upon Tyne.\r\n\r\nTwitter: @gcreighton"}},
{"pk": 134, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/Berthe.png", "sessions": [14, 1], "title": "Director
of Mobile Financial Services, Grameen Foundation", "name": "Elizabeth
Berthe", "details": "Elizabeth leads Grameen Foundation Technology
Center's efforts to transform the microfinance sector by providing
solutions for mobile phone-based financial services. Grameen
Foundation's work in this space has been so successful that the
organization recently won an award from the Marketplace for Innovative
Financial Solutions for Development for its work providing mobile-money
solutions in Kenya. Prior to working at Grameen Foundation, Elizabeth
worked in various roles in corporate finance, strategic planning,
negotiations and consulting in the United States, China, and France. She
holds a Master's in International Management from Thunderbird, the
Garvin School of International Management, and a B.A in marketing from
the University of Southern California. She is a member of the advisory
council for Youth Assets, a non-profit organization that works to
empower disadvantaged youth in Swaziland with information through
technology, and is a founding member and co-chair for Women Advancing
Microfinance - Pacific Northwest Chapter."}}, {"pk": 135, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/Downie.png", "sessions": [95], "title": "VP
Marketing, ngmoco", "name": "Clive Downie", "details": "Clive Downie is
Vice President, Marketing at ngmoco. His marketing and live teams are
responsible for the acquisition, retention and monetization of players
across ngmoco's range of freemium games. Prior to ngmoco he spent over
15 years at Electronic Arts in various marketing positions."}}, {"pk":
136, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/Ho.png", "sessions": [30], "title": "Fraud & Risk
Director, Electronic Arts", "name": "Nelson Ho", "details": "Nelson Ho
is the Fraud Manager at Electronic Arts and has been the main leader in
building EA's fraud management program. As EA transitions into the D2C
digital business model, Nelson is responsible to help minimize payment,
internal, and in-game fraud for EA. "}}, {"pk": 137, "model":
"innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/Lan.png",
"sessions": [94], "title": "Developer Programs Engineer, Google App
Engine, Google", "name": "Ikai Lan", "details": "Ikai Lan is a software
engineer working for the Developer Programs groups at Google, Inc. Prior
to Google, he worked as a software engineer building social applications
at LinkedIn and a systems integration consultant delivering VoIP
applications at Citrix Systems. Ikai is an avid technologist, consuming
volumes of material about new programming languages, framework or
service. In his free time, he enjoys the California outdoors, winning
Chinese language karaoke contests and playing flag football. He resides
in San Francisco, CA, where he watches in anguish as his favorite
professional sports teams implode season after season."}}, {"pk": 139,
"model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/default_speaker.png", "sessions": [60], "title":
"Digital Product Manager, Autosport at Haymarket Publishing", "name":
"Jim Foster", "details": "Jim is a Digital Product Manager, Autosport at
Haymarket Publishing."}}, {"pk": 140, "model": "innovate.speaker",
"fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/default_speaker.png",
"sessions": [30], "title": "Founder, Tyler Projects", "name": "Ronnie
Ghee Boon Neo", "details": "Ronnie Ghee Boon Neo is one of the founders
of Tyler Projects."}}, {"pk": 141, "model": "innovate.speaker",
"fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/default_speaker.png",
"sessions": [30], "title": "VP Strateic Solutions, Plimus", "name":
"Simon Jones", "details": "A Silicon Valley veteran, Simon has worked
with software companies like Interwoven, Hyperion and Adobe for over a
dozen years. Simon helps develop and set Plimus' strategy to ensure our
offerings, and our message, meet the needs of the marketplace."}},
{"pk": 142, "model": "innovate.speaker", "fields": {"picture":
"/static/i/speakers/default_speaker.png", "sessions": [30], "title":
"Co-Founder/CEO/Chairman of the Board, Tagged", "name": "Greg Tseng",
"details": "Greg Tseng co-founded Tagged in October 2004 and has served
as its CEO since inception. He leads the company\u2019s product team and
business operations."}}, {"pk": 143, "model": "innovate.speaker",
"fields": {"picture": "/static/i/speakers/default_speaker.png",
"sessions": [99], "title": "R&D Engineer, PayPal", "name": "Mehryar
Mansoor", "details": "Mehryar is a R & D Engineer at PayPal."}}]
